update scalability demo (#3117)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: demos/continuous_batching/scaling/README.md

> **Note**: This demo uses Docker and has been tested only on Linux hosts

> Text generation in OpenVINO Model Server on Xeon CPU with is the most efficient when it is bound to a single NUMA node. 
> That ensure fastest memory access from the node and avoids intra socket communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text generation in OpenVINO Model Server on Xeon CPU is the most efficient when it is bound to a single NUMA node. 
That ensures the fastest memory access from the node and avoidance of intra socket communication.
```

The example below demonstrate how serving can be scaled on dual socket Intel(R) Xeon(R) 6972P servers to multiply the throughout. 

> It deploys 6 instances of the model server allocated to difference NUMA nodes on 3 CPU sockets. The client calls are distributed used an Nginx proxy server with a load balancer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It deploys 6 instances of the model server allocated to different NUMA nodes on 3 CPU sockets. The client calls are distributed used an Nginx proxy server with a load balancer.
```

Start benchmarking script like in [demo](../README.md), pointing to the load balancer port and host.
```bash

> python benchmark_serving.py --host localhost --port 80 --endpoint /v3/chat/completions --backend openai-chat --model meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct --dataset-path ShareGPT_V3_unfiltered_cleaned_split.json --num-prompts 6000 --request-rate 20

Reviewer 2: Why do we change request rate. TTFT is still high then why not go with inf for max throughput?

Author: @mzegla  with 6000 requests sent simultaneously I observed issues with nginx and some requests were dropped on the way
